Standardize DSL code naming convention (#1521)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/light-moles-hammer.md

'@finos/legend-extension-dsl-diagram': major
---

> **BREAKING CHANGE:** Rename DSL Diagram plugins and presets to use prefix `DSL_Diagram` instead of `DSLDiagram`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE:** Renamed plugins and presets to use the prefix `DSL_Diagram` instead of `DSLDiagram`
```
